All right.
Hello.
Let's test our knowledge of the prototype design pattern.
We have another challenge for you.
Another assignment.
So let's get started.
And this assignment let's think of a theoretical concept here.
Suppose you want to create a car application that contains different types of cars.
We want to utilize the prototype design pattern to return duplicate cars.
So you're gonna be required to implement this pattern using the Java colonial interface the prototype
for application is named basic car this should be an abstract class.
It should have some implementation and that's why it's abstract.
You should have member variables for a model name and a price and it should be created with some default
price.
The price could also be modified later as per the model model the car the concrete prototypes are nano
and Ford they need to implement the clone method defined in the basic car.
So requirements are you should have a class called Basic Car cash that acts axis that acts as a helper.
That should be defined and what you'll do is you store Basic Car objects and a hash table.
Return their clone whenever it's requested.
So have like a get method.
You're also required to implement a driver demo class which is your client.
This will use the basic car cash class to get basic car objects right.
So again pretty straightforward here.
Some example output of what I'm looking for is you would tell me what the cars are that are cloned so
you could say the car is a green nano and its price is some money.
Again ignore the output here but some kind of some kind of price or the car is a Ford yellow and it's
prices you know 10 million dollars whatever it is.
But again what you want to do here is you want to have your basic car cash with a hash table and you
want to return clones when requested based on some kind of idea or something similar like that so you
can look up the key in the hash table and then you want to have an abstract class basic car and concrete
prototypes nano and Ford.
So good luck.
I'll provide a solution in the next lecture but this is pretty straightforward.
Thank you.